it came logo hey Zach so it's Sunday we
got BF x that's going to be coming out
tomorrow we're supposed to but you had a
little snag right now can you can you
describe what went wrong well if you
want me to show everyone on the effects
how to encase a crowbar in a cement
prison then yes we'll have an episode
for you tomorrow too so uh so what were
you trying to make and then what what
happened I'm going to be making a foam
rubber weapon nice apparently I was not
trying to do it well enough and I made
the crowbars okay but the cast was a
failure because i fused both sides of
the thing so it was just a big block of
plaster I've I've done that before born
when I did the first crystal skull it
was a complete disaster it was because
when you're dealing with molding it's
just like every single chemical has to
work just right and all the segments
have to be in alignment well I forgot
the important part of putting a
separator in between like vaseline or
something like that so I might as well
just poured the entire thing full of
plaster and then just been like well now
it didn't work so well well you're going
to try again we guess so we're going to
have a prop foam weapon coming out next
week and this week instead take its
place we're going to run another episode
of FX reboot which is the sort of TV
eyes version of BF x that we made for
the epics network a while ago so Zack
keep at it and will please enjoy our
star trek version of FX reboot I'll Star
Trek nice all right he did like a soul
if they don't have to walk but what if I
don't have time because I'm trying to
make a former weapon it's the internet
you can watch it whenever you want good
point later folks bye
I tried to do it too but like so it just
looks like you jump out of the way and I
just died this is a VAR n burger and
here's the 10 second trailer for my
movie evidence also we want to help you
stop filming this
you